all right this is Nissan 350z 2003 track
model I'm having an issue with
transmission equines on third gear from
second gear it happens when I shift into
third gear kind of fast on a low rpm I'm
going to demonstrate to you guys right
now let me see
right now I'm on second gear Russia see
that huh
binds all the time I'll show you
one more time
matter of fact I still have extended
warranty I'm gonna take it to the shop
on this Thursday the dealership is 30
miles away so I need to make sure I need
to record this I could show them how it
works this is a first gear
shifting to second gear and this is a
third gear again oh oh I'm gonna do it
again I this is second gear
thank you you hear that huh so it
happens when it when the car is a little
cold but me that it happens actually and
let I'll take that back it happens all
the time but if I shift into
third gear you know kind of slow it
doesn't grind I'll show you how this
this is second question from second gear
again
oh still remnants of the population
I mean I love my car but the
transmission sucks
but every other year they're fine
some people they said that have problem
getting into second year some people
said that kid Emma getting to fifth year
and buy mine and everything works I said
for our third gear grinds all the time I
think it's a single problem
hopefully whoever that's looking into my
car on Thursday won't have issue finding
out the problem so though gave me a new
transmission I think you treasure or
something
all right that's it